♪ ♪
i still remember
third of december
me in your sweater
you said it looked better
on me, than it did you
only if you knew
how much i liked you
but i watch your eyes, as she
walks by
what a sight for
sore eyes
brighter than a
blue sky
she's got you
mesmerized
while i die
why would you ever kiss me?
i'm not even half, as pretty
you gave her your sweater
it's just polyester, but you like her better
wish i were heather
watch as she stands with
her holding your hand
put your arm 'round her shoulder
now i'm getting colder
but how could i hate her?
she's such an angel
but then again, kinda
wish she were dead, as she
walks by
what a sight for
sore eyes
brighter than a
blue sky
she's got you
mesmerized
while i die
why would you ever kiss me?
i'm not even half, as pretty
you gave her your sweater
it's just polyester,but you like her better
i wish i were heather
♪ ♪
wish i were heather
why would you ever kiss me?
i'm not even half as pretty
you gave her your sweater
it's just polyester, but you like her better
wish i were
♪ ♪